[RI2 Ch04] Initial Draft (#1664)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_impl/cntt-ri2/chapters/chapter04.md

* [4.1 Introduction](#4.1)
* [4.2 Prerequisites](#4.2)
* [4.3 Installation of the Reference Implementation](#4.3)
  * [4.3.1 Node Provisioning](#4.3.1)
  * [4.3.2 Software Provisioning](#4.3.2)
* [4.4 Validation of the Reference Implementation](#4.4)
* [4.5 Automation Tooling](#4.5)

<a name="4.1"></a>
## 4.1 Introduction

This chapter describes the steps to install Kubernetes based Reference Implementation (RI-2). The entire installation is divided into two stages - Node provisioning & Software provisioning. The former stage can be skipped when using Bare Metal Providers like Packet, etc. for node provisioning.

<a name="4.2"></a>
## 4.2 Prerequisites

> Before attempting the installation, please ensure that all requirements described in chapter03.md are met.

Reviewer: Use Chapter 3 and add a "proper" link.

Author: Done

(More details to follow)

<a name="4.3"></a>
## 4.3 Installation of the Reference Implementation

<a name="4.3.1"></a>

> ### 4.3.1 Node Provisioning

Reviewer 2: @pgoyal01 made a good comment on my PR regarding the terminology here. "node" can be understood as a Kubernetes node while in fact it only refers to the host OS here. So Host Provisioning might be a better term. Also applicable to all other occurences of "node" here. 
```suggestion
### 4.3.1 Host Provisioning
```

> Node provisioning is the operation of installing OS on a given infrastructure before the software stack can be installed on them. A former OPNFV baremetal provisioner XCI, now referred to as Cloud Infra Automation Framework and hosted by [Nordix Labs](https://docs.nordix.org/submodules/infra/engine/docs/user-guide.html#framework-user-guide) is used as node provisioner.

Author: Thanks for pointing out - I've modified the definition now. As discussed in the call, this provisioner is just an example & other provisioners could be used as well (or even ignored if providers like Packet, etc. are used).

> The mentioned framework uses [Bifrost](https://docs.openstack.org/bifrost/latest/) for provisioning virtual and baremetal nodes. It uses Ansible playbooks to automate the the deployment of a base image onto a set of known hardware using ironic.

Reviewer: Add a link to Ironic and capitalize.

* [4.1 Introduction](#4.1)
* [4.2 Prerequisites](#4.2)
* [4.3 Installation of the Reference Implementation](#4.3)
  * [4.3.1 Host Provisioning](#4.3.1)

>   * [4.3.2 Software Provisioning](#4.3.2)

Reviewer 3: In RI-2 Chapter 3, this is referred to as Kubernetes provisioning. the change can be made in RI2-Chapter 03 or in this chapter

Author: Agreed. Kubernetes provisioning seems a better term.

Reviewer 3: @rihabbanday Would you be changing the section headers to "Kubernetes Provisioning"?

Author: @pgoyal01 Done

* [4.5 Automation Tooling](#4.5)

<a name="4.1"></a>
## 4.1 Introduction

This chapter describes the steps to install Kubernetes based Reference Implementation (RI-2). The entire installation is divided into two stages - Host provisioning & Software provisioning. The host provisioning stage is provided here for information only and can be skipped when using Bare Metal Providers like Packet, etc.  The software provisioning stage is agnostic to the host provisioning stage, in that there is no dependency between the installer used for the software provisioning stage and any tools used in the host provisioning stage.

<a name="4.2"></a>
## 4.2 Prerequisites

Before attempting the installation, please ensure that all requirements described in [Chapter 3](./chapter03.md) are met.
(More details to follow)

<a name="4.3"></a>
## 4.3 Installation of the Reference Implementation

<a name="4.3.1"></a>
### 4.3.1 Host Provisioning

Host provisioning is the operation of preparing a host before the software stack can be installed on them. This includes (and not limited to) installing operating system, configuring network so that the hosts are reachable via SSH, configuring storage, etc.

> A former OPNFV baremetal provisioner XCI, now referred to as Cloud Infra Automation Framework and hosted by [Nordix Labs](https://docs.nordix.org/submodules/infra/engine/docs/user-guide.html#framework-user-guide) has been used in the host provisioning state. The mentioned framework uses [Bifrost](https://docs.openstack.org/bifrost/latest/) for provisioning virtual and baremetal hosts. It uses Ansible playbooks to automate the the deployment of a base image onto a set of known hardware using [Ironic](https://docs.openstack.org/ironic/latest/).

Reviewer 3: should "base image" be defined? of what?
Typo: "... in the host provisioning state" -->"... in the host provisioning stage"
Typo:  "... playbooks to automate the the deployment of a base image ..." ---> "... playbooks to automate the deployment of a base image. ..."

Author: Yeah this term could be confusing. I took this definition from the official Openstack Bifrost project but at the same time didn't want to go into its implementation details. So for now I adapted the definition & kept the link describing the details.

Before initiating a deployment, two configuration templates, referred to as POD Descriptor File (PDF) and Installer Descriptor File (IDF) in OPNFV terminology need to be defined. Both PDF and IDF files are modelled as yaml schema.

> A PDF is a hardware configuration template that includes hardware characteristics of the jumphost host & the set of compute/controller hosts. For each host, the following characteristics should be defined:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A PDF is a hardware configuration template that includes hardware characteristics of the jump host and the set of compute/controller hosts. For each host, the following characteristics should be defined:
```

> - CPU, disk & memory information

Reviewer 3: does the configuration of these hosts such as enabling NUMA etc. need to be specified?

Author: Well, not in the current version of templates. Once we have an official place to save RI-2 code (Georg's proposal), I will upload the templates there & possibly explain them in more detail here as well.

- Remote management parameters
- Network interfaces list including name, MAC address, IP address, link speed

IDF includes infromation about network information required by the installer. All the networks along with possible VLAN, DNS and gateway information should be defined here.

> More details regarding these descriptor files as well as their schema is very well documented in [Chapter 7](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/ref_impl/cntt-ri/chapters/chapter08.md#opnfv-descriptor-files-1) of RI-1.

Reviewer 3: 1. The text refers to Chapter 7 but the link is to Chapter 8. Since Chapter 7 is from RI-1, it may be better to list it as "RI-1 Chapter 7" rather than just as "Chapter 7" for clarity.
1. I think the recommendation is to use relative addresses (../../)

Author: Done

> After filling in the PDF and IDF with correct information, the user needs to generate SSH keypair, add user to the sudo group & have passwordless sudo enabled. After this the deployment can be initiated by cloning the repo, navigating to the engine directory & running the deploy command

Reviewer 3: replace "&" with "and"

`./deploy.sh -o <OStype>-p file:///<pdf.yaml> -i file:///<idf.yaml> -l provision`

> Currently, Ubuntu 18.04 & CentOS 7.8 are supported (default Ubuntu 18.04). Support for other system can be added as well depending on the requirements.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, Ubuntu 18.04 & CentOS 7.8 are supported (default Ubuntu 18.04). Support for other operating systems can be added as well depending on the requirements.
```

After the hosts have been provsioned successfully, one can setup host networking for K8s & run software provisioning tooling from CNF Testbed or Intel’s BMRA playbooks to configure and install k8s & other plugins (Refer 4.3.2).

<a name="4.3.2"></a>

> ### 4.3.1 Software Provisioning

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### 4.3.2 Software Provisioning
```
